README.md, before:

# eventify-compjr

This is a monorepo of a project for [junior enterprise](https://juniorenterprises.eu/what-is-a-junior-enterprise/) called [Comp Junior](https://www.compjunior.com.br/), at [UFLA (Federal University of Lavras)](https://ufla.br/).
I am developing it as a trainee of the company and I hope I get approved and learn a lot from it :)

## to-do

- back-end `api`
  - [x] Connect MongoDB
  - [x] Create a simple CRUD for events
    - [x] basic
    - [x] with images
  - [x] Implement authentication
    - ~~Implement Login via email (not necessary)~~
    - [x] Implement Social Login
  - [ ] Implement CRUD permissions
    - [ ] ensureAuthenticated to delete/update events
    - [ ] show created events by the user
  - [ ] Improve docs
    - [ ] Share Insomnia requisitions
    - [ ] Implement [SwaggerUI](https://swagger.io/tools/swagger-ui/)

- front-end `web`
  - [ ] study `vue.js`

### later

| these are the stuff that I want to do but are not that important

- [ ] Implement husky + lint-staged
- [ ] Improve this readme
  - [ ] Share my notes (on Notion) about the whole process of this project

Commit message:

feat(events): add permissions based on userId
- add userId on events
- add ensureAuthenticated on create event
- add ensureAuthenticated on update event
- add ensureAuthenticated on delete event
- add show events created by the user

README.md, after:

# eventify-compjr

This is a monorepo of a project for [junior enterprise](https://juniorenterprises.eu/what-is-a-junior-enterprise/) called [Comp Junior](https://www.compjunior.com.br/), at [UFLA (Federal University of Lavras)](https://ufla.br/).
I am developing it as a trainee of the company and I hope I get approved and learn a lot from it :)

## to-do

- back-end `api`
  - [x] Connect MongoDB
  - [x] Create a simple CRUD for events
    - [x] basic
    - [x] with images
  - [x] Implement authentication
    - ~~Implement Login via email (not necessary)~~
    - [x] Implement Social Login
  - [x] Implement CRUD permissions
    - [x] ensureAuthenticated on events
      - [x] create
      - [x] update
      - [x] delete
    - [x] show created events by the user
  - [ ] improve file management
    - [ ] delete files when deleting events
    - [ ] delete files when updating image of an event
  - [ ] Improve docs
    - [ ] Share Insomnia requisitions
    - [ ] Implement [SwaggerUI](https://swagger.io/tools/swagger-ui/)

- front-end `web`
  - [ ] study `vue.js`

### later

> these are the stuff that I want to do but are not that important

- [ ] use cloudinary to store event's images
- [ ] Implement husky + lint-staged
- [ ] Improve this readme
  - [ ] Share my notes (on Notion) about the whole process of this project

## random notes
